Kevin falls out of bed to the sound of his alarm clock. His mouth was dry and his eyes were bloodshot. He could barely get himself to stand. He just wanted to lie there and relax his head against the cold floor. 
	“TURN THAT RACKET OFF” yelled his sister from the next room. “SOME PEOPLE ARE TRYING TO SLEEP.” 
	Kevin closed his alarm clock and went to get ready for school. His parents took away his bedroom door as his punishment for lying to them about what he was doing in his room. Instead of sleeping last weekend, he stayed up all night playing video games with random Japanese players. The bathroom door happen to be wide open as Kevin dragged his body inside. He splashed some cold water on his face, immediately giving life to the tired and weary Kevin. He looked at the clock and saw he was going to miss his bus. Kevin threw on some clothes, grabbed his school bag and jolted for the front door. 
	He touched the door and froze for a moment. He felt an enjoyable tingle the instant he touched the door. He initially thought it to be a spark of static electricity, which is always a surprise when felt. He did not have much time to ponder over what he just felt, as he had to catch his bus. He bolted through the door and saw his bus leaving his bus stop. Kevin tried to chase after it but was unable to catch it.  
	He walked back to his house and banged his first against the door. There went his perfect attendance record. Again, he freezes as he feels another tingling sensation, but only this time stronger. He forgot about his frustration about being late to school and tried to slam the door even harder. This time he felt a stronger sensation move through his body and it lasted longer than the previous two combined. Kevin did not know what is was but he did know this, he liked it and wanted more. 
	He wanted to just stand there all day pounding away against the door, but he knew his parents would question what he was doing. He decided is be safe for him to continue in the privacy of his own room. He runs to his room and tries to grab for the door, only to be disappointed to remember his door was gone. Desperately wanting more of the feeling, he looked around, hoping something would come to him. He sees his sister’s room; the door was open. Kevin slowly walks toward the room with his hand stretched out but stops and pulls his hand back. He ponders over what would happen if his sister walked in on him in her room. That sure would not work out for him. He hears the water running in his parent’s bathroom. It was his sister, she could not go back to sleep so she decided to take a bath in her favorite bathroom. That is why her door was open. He enters the room and pulls the door shut. Again, as he applied force to the door he felt the tingle. However, this time the effect was weaker, than and not as enjoyable as when he slammed the door. 
	For the next hour or so, Kevin stood behind his door punching against his door. Even though his door was made of wood and the front door to the house was made of glass, every time Kevin felt the addicting, enjoyable tingle. He throws one more punch and the door finally breaks into a few pieces. The tingle he felt was more than a tingle now. It was a blasting sensation of pleasure through his whole body. Wanting more, Kevin scurried to the bathroom. First, he had to replace his sister’s door. He found his door under the staircase and fastened the screws in place. Since his and his sister’s door were identical, his sister and his family would not notice the difference. The next thing he knew he sealed himself into the bathroom. 
 He punched the door with all his might but did not feel the same overwhelming sensation he felt when he broke the door. Thus, he begins to body slam against the door and after a few hits successfully breaks through the door. Again his whole body feels nothing but pleasure, he cannot control himself as he groans, and makes sounds from the pleasure. Kevin quickly realizes in order for him to feel this amazing feeling though his body he must be able to break doors on his first try. A simple tingle is more of only a tease and would cause if to want more. However, this full body sensation seems to subdue his urges of wanting more break the doors. 
…
	Over the next few weeks, Kevin would dedicate at least 3 hours of his day to working out and trying to build as much muscle as possible. He also began to add more protein to his diet. Since his family is vegetarian, after school every day he would go and eat some form of meat, be it lamb, pork, bacon, etc. In addition, on his way back home from his lunch he would stop by the hardware store and purchase a door. Every time the cashier would question him and every time he would say he working on a project for hardware class. No one else is home when Kevin arrives, his parents and sister are all still at work. He would take his new door, go to the unused backyard and break the door, moaning and groaning as the pleasuring sensation fills his body. 
…
	One night while he is asleep, Kevin, without realizing it, feels the urge to break doors. His subconscious takes control and Kevin sleepwalks around the house breaking all of the doors. His parents immediately wake up from the random sounds and see Kevin breaking the second to last door in the house and spazzing out on the floor from all the pleasure and tingling sensation that was flowing through his body. His parents were afraid and did not know what to do with him. 
	“Kevin dear are you alright? Please …Kevin… wake up,” Kevin’s mom manages to say afraid and confused of what was going on. 
	Kevin’s dad picks up his son and carries him to his room. “What are you doing Bob? He needs help!” Kevin’s mom says still frightened to move. “It is okay Maria. Look, he has calmed down and has fallen asleep. We will deal with this in the morning when we can talk to him.” Kevin’s dad says trying to show he has control of the situation. 
“What are you doing we have to get of him!” Kevin’s sister yells standing in front of her room. “This is not a normal thing and he has been doing this for weeks now, just go the backyard and you will see what I mean. I pulled back my shades to open my window last week and saw a few piles of broken doors. I did not want to say anything when I found out Kevin was responsible. I thought it was just a phase but I was wrong. He needs professional help, and needs to be kept some place where they can monitor him and make sure his condition does not get worse.” Kevin’s sister states trying to act as the voice of reason for her parents. 
The next morning Kevin wakes up to find himself locked away in a padded room with a glass screen and people on the other side. He finds a note next to him. His parents decided his sister was right and it be best for Kevin to get professional help. Kevin watched through the glass screen as his parents and sister left the room un-phased by the decision. Yet the only thing that Kevin cared about was that door. He had this urge and wanted to break that door. He wanted to feel the pleasure and satisfaction that came. He wanted that door.
…Months later…
They left me here. They don’t care for me or for my needs. All they care about is themselves; after all, they are the ones that drove to this. First, they took away the one thing that I cared about, my privacy. Then when I found something to fill the void and that gave me pleasure, they tried to lock me away and keep me from having that too. They will pay. They all will pay. 
	Kevin had been locked away in the padded room for 6 months. His parents and sister stopped visiting him in the first few days when they decided to send him away. Every 3 days a doctor comes by to check his condition and see if there have been any improvements. It was clear to the doctor that Kevin’s condition was getting worse. He was slowly losing his mind and his will to live. An empty vacant look could be clearly seen taking over in Kevin’s eyes. The life was slowly being sucked out of him. However, his eyes remained fixated on that door. 
	For the past 6 months, Kevin had been focusing all his energy to subdue his urges to break the door. It was not easy for him. Every time the doctor or one of the staff, to give him his food, came by, they all came and left through that door. The door was waiting for him. It was calling out to him and all he had to do was somehow pass the glass screen that sealed the door away. 
…
	Precisely 6 months, 6 days, and 6 hours had past when Kevin heard a high pitch screech. Kevin fell the back of the padded room and tried to cover his ears. It was no use; the screeching was getting stronger by the second. Within seconds, his left ear began to bleed as the vibrations were rupturing his eardrum. Kevin tried to look around and see if he could find where the noise was coming from. As his eyes pasted the glass screen, it shattered causing debris to fly everywhere. Kevin immediately let go of his ears and threw is arms in front of his body trying to cover as much of his chest and head as possible. Somehow all the debris flew either to the far left or far right of Kevin. Not a single shard came near him. 
	A moment later, the screeching was gone but Kevin still sat there against the wall afraid to move. He trembling and unsure of what to do next. Then his eyes fell upon the door. The glass was now gone and it was finally possible for him to touch the door. Kevin somehow managed to stand and he slowly made his way to the door. The life in Kevin’s eyes quickly faded away, leaving behind an empty vessel. Yet Kevin’s body continued to move to the door. 
	When Kevin reached the pane that once held the glass screen, he jabbed his hand against the jagged edge as he climbed over the pane. For a brief moment, the life came back into Kevin’s eyes from the shock of the pain. Nevertheless, just as quickly as it returned it left as his eyes fixated on the door. His subconscious was in full control with the desire to satisfy the urge he tried so hard to subdue for the past 6 months. 
	When he finally reached the door, he clenched his bleeding fist and drew his hand back. He was going to release everything, everything he held in for the past 6 months with a single punch. He took a deep breath in and threw his fist forward. With his fist mere millimeters away, the door swings open. Kevin completely missed the door and could not stop himself. Instead of hitting the door, he hit and knocked something else to the floor. Immediately he regained consciousness and saw that he had hit his father’s head. 
	“YOU LEFT ME HERE TO ROT AWAY! FIRST, YOU TOOK AWAY THE ONE THING I CARED ABOUT, MY PRIVACY. THEN YOU LOCKED ME AWAY AND TOOK AWAY THE ONE THING I FOUND TO FILL THE VOID, THE DOORS!” Kevin yelled, looking down at his bleeding father. “And now you come back and what do you do. You again take everything away from me, my chances of finally relieving myself. I PUT … I put everything into that one punch and it was meant FOR THAT DOOR! FOR THAT DOOR THAT TAUNTED AND TEASED ME FOR THE PAST 6 MONTHS.” Kevin yells and cries to his father as he falls to his knees. 
	Kevin’s father puts raises his arm and places it on Kevin’s face. Wish his dying breath, he gazes into his son’s eyes and says “I’m sorry, son….” Kevin’s father dies and Kevin fills with rage. He climbs to his feet and punches a hole through the door. It wasn’t the same; Kevin did not feel any sense of satisfaction or sensation. His urges where still there and they continued to cause him agony and pain. Kevin looks down at his father and says “You better be sorry old man. You all better sorry. Every one of you. I will make you all pay. Just you watch. I will get my revenge and make you all feel every ounce of pain I felt and had to suffer and deal with for the past 6 months. Every feeling of pain I felt, I will make you all feel.” 
…
	Kevin began to wander the streets outside the mental institution trying to figure his ultimate plan. He wanted everyone to pay and suffer as he suffered. But he also desperately needed to relieve himself of his urges. They were holding him back and breaking every door in the institution did not help him at all. If anything, it only made his urges worse. The pain and agony were growing stronger and there was nothing Kevin could do to get rid of them. 
	After about 20 minutes of aimlessly wandering around the mental institution, Kevin stumbled upon his father’s car. He put his hand into his pocket and pulled out the keys. Before Kevin left the institution, he searched his father for anything of importance or anything that would come in handy. The only thing he managed to find was his father’s keys. Kevin jumped into the front seat and started the car. He hesitated for a moment because he remembered he never drove a car before and did not know how to. He looked at the gear stick and started to move it around until the car started to move. 
	At first, the car began to move it backward since he put the car in reverse. He fiddled with the gear stick a bit longer and soon the car began to move forward. Kevin stomped on the gas pedal and the car jerked forward into the street. Kevin tried his best to steer the car and keep it on the street. Still there were a few times when the car was on the sidewalk, the wrong side of the road and at one point headed directly for someone’s house. When the care did finally crash the car, he happen to crash into his parent’s garage. 
	Kevin pulled out of the car as if nothing has happened and walked into his house. His mom and sister were still not home. The house was the same as he remembered it but also in a sense different. Something was missing but for some reason he could not put his finger on it. He made his way to the bathroom when he passed by his sister’s door. That is when everything hit him. Everything he did the night before waking up in the padded room came to him in one sudden and swift burst. Kevin now knew what he was destined to do, what he would need to do to forever satisfy his urges and take revenge on this planet. 
	He stared at his sister’s door, the only door in the house, his door, and inhaled a deep breath. He body slammed the door causing it to break and shattered into pieces. As he prepared himself to impact the floor, he looked around to see he was falling with darkness all around. 
	After what seemed like hours of falling, Kevin landed hard in a shallow pool of water. He was transported to a cave. He felt this force pulling him in, calling out to him. He rose to his feet and padded the dust off himself. He was surprised to find that even though he landed in water, he was not wet. Kevin began to walk in the direction of the force, only to have it grow stronger with every step he took. He eventually reached a large door and knew that was the source of the force. Somehow, Kevin knew that by destroying this door, it would solve everything for him. He would have satisfy the urges he held in for 6 months and make everyone back on Earth pay. 
	Kevin began to pound and kick the giant door but could not dent, let alone scratch, it. Kevin frustrated tried to run into and body slam the door, like how he broke his own door. However, this time he fell back to the floor clutching his right elbow in pain. 
	“Why? Why can’t I break this door? I am so close and again there is something that holds me back. When I was trapped in that padded room, it was the glass screen. Then when I was freed and the glass was gone, it was my father. And now it is this giant door.” Kevin said with tears coming to his eyes. 
	“Why!? Why?! Why!?” Kevin says as he bangs his head against the door. There was a large rumbling sound. Kevin opened his eyes to see the door was gone and so were the urges that were stored away for 6 months. For once, Kevin felt at ease. He looked around and saw dust particles floating in the air. Somehow, by banging his head he broke the door. 
	“GO NOW MY CREATURES! GO SHOW THE WORD WHAT TRUE PAIN MEANS! Show them what our master had gone through.” A screechy high-pitched voice made from the darkness behind the doors. “Welcome, Kevin we have been waiting for you arrival. Now that you have freed us from this prison, we shall do you bidding and cause everyone to feel the pain and agony you were left to deal with. But do not fear, now that you are with us you will never have to suffer being unable to satisfy your urges again. For all of eternity you will be bound here to do nothing but break doors.” Said the screechy voice from behind the darkness and shadows. 
	Kevin saw a sign emerging from the shadows and it read: The Gates To Hell. Kevin had unleashed hell upon the world in order for them to feel how he felt those 6 months. The only bright side for him was that he would be able to break doors forever and relieve himself of his urges, feeling the pleasure and tingling sensation that would take over his body. 
